all right guys psychotic have it here
and I have another gun for you today
this is the m16a4 made out of cardboard
and some paper so I'll give you a closer
look on the gun right now all right so
this gun is mostly constructed out of
cardboard it's a very sturdy gun it's
one of my better guns definitely my
longest one I think I did a very good
job with the trigger guard
I didn't make a trigger because I don't
really like making those because they
just get in the way of when you're
holding the gun so the RIS is actually
just I didn't get the Arias idea from
anything I just wanted to make a
customer is so I did sorry about that
and the stock is a full stock since it
is an m16 a for the magazine I based the
magazine off of the UM one from modern
warfare to the video game from for the
Xbox 360 in the PlayStation 3 it's a
very good game but anyway I based it off
of that
the magazine does remove I have a little
bit of masking tape around the edges
because just the eight so they'd have a
tighter fit so it wouldn't fall out
randomly this is a paper tube hardened
so the charging handle does work I just
put some masking tape around here so it
would be more comfortable as you can see
it works on half some detail like a fire
selector switch doesn't move magazine
release button these are the rails that
are going to work that work if you make
the right accessories for them I might
make an update video I'm not sure yet I
might make another video with like more
attachments and more details like a
flash hider I don't know that's just the
front sight post it's basic simple
mechanism just a little yeah so paper
tube for the barrel like I said I didn't
make a fly
fagor but this is just basically my
m16a4 the grip is actually very nice
that's comfortably this is probably one
of my most better scaled guns but yeah
so thank you for watching this video
please show your umm-hmm if you like
this video comment rate and subscribe
I don't bother asking for a tutorial
because guess what it's already made so
if you're watching this video that soil
is probably already out so go check that
out I'll be on my channel somewhere and
if not then it'll be uploaded by at
least a week from when you're watching
this so thank you for watching once
again comment rate and subscribe